README.md, before:

# Expense Tracking App

## Getting Started

This repository contains ruby files with ruby code.

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

# 📖 Expense Tracking App <a name="about-project"></a>

**Expense Tracking App** The Recipe app keeps track of all your expenses. It will allow you to add an expense categories, and under each of these catagories it helps you keep track of how much you spent, what you spent on and the total amount of each expense categories.  Also, since allows you to choose a nice looking icon for your expense category.

## 🛠 [Live Preview](https://budget-app-f5vg.onrender.com/)
## 🛠 [Link to video walkthrough](https://www.loom.com/share/397c7ccee387418c968ff7ba402031cc?sid=b05950e0-30ea-485f-b63c-82e47aab6a24)

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with">Ruby, Ruby on Rails</a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack">Ruby</a>

<details>
<summary>Ruby</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/">Ruby</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- register and log in, so that the data is private to them.
- Expenses list
- Add new expense category
- Add payments under each expense category
- Display sum and amount of each payments and expenses

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

- git clone https://github.com/kalbek/Budget-app.git App.git
- install ruby on your machine
- install rails on your machine
- install postgresql on your machine
 

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need to install ruby, rails and postgresql on your machine

### Setup

- install ruby on your machine

Clone this repository to your desired folder: https://github.com/kalbek/Budget-app.git Tracking App.git
 

### Usage

To use this project modify database.yml file at the development section to specify your database settings

### Run tests
command to run:
- bundle install

command to run all tests:
 - rails test
 
### Deployment

You can deploy this project using gh-pages

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Kaleb Bekele**
- [github](https://github.com/kalbek)
- [portfolio](https://kalbek.github.io/Portfolio/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] **Link expense tracking app with debit or credit card to track expenses.**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project give it a star on github.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank Microverse for guiding me on the development of this project.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE.MD) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Acknowledge design author on readme.

README.md, after:

# Expense Tracking App

## Getting Started

This repository contains ruby files with ruby code.

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

# 📖 Expense Tracking App <a name="about-project"></a>

**Expense Tracking App** The Recipe app keeps track of all your expenses. It will allow you to add an expense categories, and under each of these catagories it helps you keep track of how much you spent, what you spent on and the total amount of each expense categories.  Also, since allows you to choose a nice looking icon for your expense category.

## 🛠 [Live Preview](https://budget-app-f5vg.onrender.com/)
## 🛠 [Link to video walkthrough](https://www.loom.com/share/397c7ccee387418c968ff7ba402031cc?sid=b05950e0-30ea-485f-b63c-82e47aab6a24)

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with">Ruby, Ruby on Rails</a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack">Ruby</a>

<details>
<summary>Ruby</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/">Ruby</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- register and log in, so that the data is private to them.
- Expenses list
- Add new expense category
- Add payments under each expense category
- Display sum and amount of each payments and expenses

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

- git clone https://github.com/kalbek/Budget-app.git App.git
- install ruby on your machine
- install rails on your machine
- install postgresql on your machine
 

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need to install ruby, rails and postgresql on your machine

### Setup

- install ruby on your machine

Clone this repository to your desired folder: https://github.com/kalbek/Budget-app.git Tracking App.git
 

### Usage

To use this project modify database.yml file at the development section to specify your database settings

### Run tests
command to run:
- bundle install

command to run all tests:
 - rails test
 
### Deployment

You can deploy this project using gh-pages

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Kaleb Bekele**
- [github](https://github.com/kalbek)
- [portfolio](https://kalbek.github.io/Portfolio/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] **Link expense tracking app with debit or credit card to track expenses.**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project give it a star on github.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank [Gregorie Vella](https://www.behance.net/gregoirevella) for providing [this design guidline](https://www.behance.net/gallery/19759151/Snapscan-iOs-design-and-branding?tracking_source=) in behance.
I would like to thank Microverse for guiding me on the development of this project.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE.MD) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
